docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# :snowman: How to Contribute :snowman:

We are quite glad you made it here! We can only keep our project in good health thanks to contributors like you! There are some points
we would like to highlight in terms of contributing to this repository. 

## Bug Reports and New Features

- If you have any issue please report that using [Github Issues](https://github.com/python-sinhala-education-society/OpenLearnr/issues). 
Currently there's two kinds; Bug Reports and New Features. 

- When writing a Bug Report or asking for a New Feature, please follow the template provided. Fill in the sections as much as you could so 
we have all teh information we need. 

## Coding Contributions

- All coding contributions should be done through [pull requests](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork). We do not respond to emails or coding posted via our Gitter channel. 

- We don't have a comprehensive style guide for now, but we expect you code with due deligence with standard practices. Your code 
should pass the standard unit and integration tests (automatically run by Travis). 

- Also please make sure your tests pass the [Sonar](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.asanka.tutor%3Aopen-learnr) quality
analysis. We strive to maintain A grade for all sections. 

- All code should ideally be accompanied with unit tests. JUnit and Jest is used for backend and front-end unit testing. Please refer to the 
standard [JHipster documentation](https://www.jhipster.tech/running-tests/) on testing. 

:snowman: This is all for now. Hope to update this document as we go along. If you have any suggessions please feel free to direct them
through our [Gitter Channel](https://gitter.im/Python-Sinhala-Education-Society/community?utm_source=share-link&utm_medium=link&utm_campaign=share-link). :snowman:

Commit message:

remove all references to gitter public chat room
Gitter public chat room is deleted in favor of github teams

docs/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# :snowman: How to Contribute :snowman:

We are quite glad you made it here! We can only keep our project in good health thanks to contributors like you! There are some points
we would like to highlight in terms of contributing to this repository. 

## Bug Reports and New Features

- If you have any issue please report that using [Github Issues](https://github.com/python-sinhala-education-society/OpenLearnr/issues). 
Currently there's two kinds; Bug Reports and New Features. 

- When writing a Bug Report or asking for a New Feature, please follow the template provided. Fill in the sections as much as you could so 
we have all teh information we need. 

## Coding Contributions

- All coding contributions should be done through [pull requests](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork). We do not respond to emails or coding posted via our Gitter channel. 

- We don't have a comprehensive style guide for now, but we expect you code with due deligence with standard practices. Your code 
should pass the standard unit and integration tests (automatically run by Travis). 

- Also please make sure your tests pass the [Sonar](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.asanka.tutor%3Aopen-learnr) quality
analysis. We strive to maintain A grade for all sections. 

- All code should ideally be accompanied with unit tests. JUnit and Jest is used for backend and front-end unit testing. Please refer to the 
standard [JHipster documentation](https://www.jhipster.tech/running-tests/) on testing. 

:snowman: This is all for now. Hope to update this document as we go along. If you have any suggestions please feel free to open
an issue in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/python-sinhala-education-society/OpenLearnr/issues). :snowman:
